Initial Console Test 4-7-09.zip - first console program that just registered with server and active call events.  It just output the XML sent and received and showed the call events.  It would also output low-level XML received to OutputDebugString as a verification.   Logon info can be specified via command line

TestOnSipCore 5-11-09.zip -  new console test program that uses the new C++ wrappers.  Just registers and watches for call events, but can also dial a number by entering in the number and pressing ENTER.

TSP debug/release 5-12-09.zip - was to be the initial release of the TAPI driver.  Will do makeCall, notify of incoming calls, and notify of outgoing physical calls.  Does not have lineDrop.  This version still has issue with Outlook.  Outlook does a lineOpen and then immediately does a makeCall.  This version did asynchronous lineOpen, e.g. it verified connection and then returned back, then did rest of initialization asynchronously.   Issue with Outlook was that it would call makeCall before init was complete.  This would work if the TAPI driver was initially opened first by another program, e.g. TAPI Browser.   Will change lineOpen to be synchronous in next release.

TSP release 5-15-09.zip - first official release given to Erick. fixes issue with Outlook and lineOpen.
   lineOpen is now synchronous.  works with Outlook and dialing numbers.

TSP release 5-16-09.zip - fixes...
    a) added lineDrop support
    b) fixed issue with Dialer dialing SIP number like   "Tsip:....".  Strip the "T" now.
    c) fixed issue with continous ping server, also possible stuck look in re-authorize   

TSP release 5-19-09.zip - fixes...
   1) fixed makecall state machine now that onsip server has been fixed.
      now does proper tracking of call and when it drops
   2) fixed bug with physical outgoing calls. It was being reported
      as offering, now is reported as dialing/proceeding

TSP release 5-22-09.zip - fixes...
   1) put in many checks in the state machine to catch errors where we may get stuck in
      a state due to server call events not working.  e.g. makecall and SIP phone not connected.
   2) fixed many of the TAPI flags for line and address object
   3) fixed bug with line open with wrong login stuff, then try to open again, got assert
   4) other minor cleanup

TSP release 6-2-09 - fixes
   1) Added call branch support to incoming calls and make calls
   2) other minor fixes in call state machine
   3) put in timeout checking in the init state machine
   4) did some minor refactoring of IPreExecute

TSP release 6-5-09 - fixes
   1) changed up method of doing a drop request.  Now it is submitted 
     to the state handler that is handling the specified call.
   2) fixed some issues with branches, specifically in the
     make call.
   3) Have new timeout with an attempt on dropping the call.  Will
     go ahead and drop the TAPI call after timeout if physical
     call did not drop (may be server issue)
   4) fixed some caller-id issues

TSP release 6-8-09 - fixes
   1) fixed significant issues with init state machine, handle case
      now with internet disconnected and then re-connected.  Report
      back the proper tapi events (e.g. CONNECT/DISCONNECT, IN/OUTSERVICE).
      Also handle case where re-authorization values change, or something
      similar that may be a fatal error.  In this case, do a TAPI
      Force line close.
   2) Fixed issue with TAPI DIAL capability showing in some states
   3) Fixed issue with caller-id being reported incorrectly with internal extensions
      that had SIP addresses that contained one or more numbers.
   4) Encrypt the password in the registry

TSP release 6-19-09 - fixes
   1) changed re-authorize interval from 2 hours to 1 hour
   2) changed handling of calling sip numbers, some improvement
      in handling the phone number, does not have to begin with sip:

TSP release 7-7-09 - fixes  v1.01 Installer
   1) do re-authorization and re-subscription every 50 minutes
   2) unsubscribe works now on tapi line shutdown
   3) first version of Installer using Inno Setup
   4) Added "Test" button to Config dialog
   5) Added documentation

TSP release 7-16-09 - fixes  v1.02 Installer
   1) fixed Test button so that it did not start the OnSipIniStateMachine,
        and thus do full subscribe, etc.
   2) added test to write to TEST.LOG in All Users\Application directory
   3) problem was reported with Outlook and going from Dialing to OnHook.
      Initially saw this problem, but log file was not complete and was missing
      some data.  Then, tried to repeat and was unable to.  It worked ok.
      So no changes in this area.

TSP release 7-17-09 - fixes  v1.03 Installer
   1) changed TSP config to have sip address instead of username, domain
   2) changed document references from "OnSip" to "OnSIP"
   3) changed document references from "OnSip" to "OnSIP"

TSP release 7-18-09 - fixes  v1.04 installer
   fixed Vista issues
     1) needed to set mediamodes to LINEMEDIAMODE_INTERACTIVEVOICE
     2) Fixed registry stream issue.  It was trying to open up the registry
     with ALL ACCESS even for reading.  This would fail for Vista and for
     a LUA user on XP.
